Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm

Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines

Early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese

I'm not cheap, but I am on special this week

I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met

I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol

I intend to live forever - so far, so good

I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy

If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?

If you ain't makin' waves, you ain't kickin' hard enough!

Mental backup in progress - Do Not Disturb!

Mind Like A Steel Trap - Rusty And Illegal In 37 States

Quantum Mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of

The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.

When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.

Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.

If I worked as much as others, I would do as little as they.

If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked
something.

Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.

When I'm not in my right mind, my left mind gets pretty crowded.

Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.

If you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?

What happens if you get scared half to death twice?

Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.

I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.

I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.

Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark.

How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?

Laughing stock: cattle with a sense of humor.

Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?

Wear short sleeves!  Support your right to bare arms!

For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain.

OK, so what's the speed of dark?

Corduroy pillows: They're making headlines!

All those who believe in psychokinesis raise my hand.

I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.

Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.

A day without sunshine is like, night.

Diplomacy is saying "nice doggy" until you find a rock.

On the other hand, you have different fingers.

Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.

Back up my hard drive?  How do I put it in reverse?

I just got lost in thought.  It was unfamiliar territory

Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.

Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.

I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.

He's not dead, he's electroencephalographically challenged.

I wonder how much deeper would the ocean be without sponges.

Honk if you love peace and quiet.

Pardon my driving, I'm reloading.

Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?

Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.

He who laughs last, thinks slowest.

The answer's to life's problems aren't found at the bottom 
of a bottle, they're found on TV.

When you participate in sporting events, it's not whether you win or
lose... it's how drunk you get.

You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.

Operator! Give me the number for 911!

Getting out of jury duty is easy. The trick is to say you're prejudiced
against all races.

What's the point of going out? We're just going to wind up back here
anyway.

Home is where you hang your @

The E-mail of the species is more deadly than the mail.

You can't teach a new mouse old clicks.

/ is the root of all directories.

The geek shall inherit the earth.

What boots up must come down.

Modulation in all things.

A user and his leisure time are soon parted.

Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net
and he won't bother you for weeks.

There's no place like http://www.home.com

Know what to expect before you connect.

The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a
leaky tire.

I believe for every drop of rain that falls, a flower grows. And a
foundation leaks and a ball game gets rained out and a car rusts

Follow your dream! Unless it's the one where you're at work in your 
underwear during a fire drill.

Always take time to stop and smell the roses... and sooner or later,
you'll inhale a bee.

Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for
I may not follow. Do not walk beside me, either, just leave me alone.

If you don't like my driving, don't call anyone. Just take another road.
That's why the highway department made so many of them.

If a motorist cuts you off, just turn the other cheek. Nothing gets the
message across like a good mooning.

When I'm feeling down, I like to whistle. It makes the neighbor's dog
run to the end of his chain and gag himself.

It's always darkest before dawn. So if you're going to steal the
neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it.

Into every life some rain must fall. Usually when your car windows are 
down.

Just remember... You gotta break some eggs to make a real mess on the
neighbor's car!

When you find yourself getting irritated with someone, try to remember
that all men are brothers... and just give them a noogie or an Indian
burn.

This morning I woke up to the unmistakable scent of pigs in a blanket.
That's the price I pay for letting the relatives stay over.

It's a small world. So you gotta use your elbows a lot.

Keep your nose to the grindstone and your shoulder to the wheel...it's
cheaper than plastic surgery.

This land is your land. This land is my land. So stay on your land.

Love is like a roller coaster: when it's good you don't want to get off, 
and when it isn't... you can't wait to throw up.

"Life is like a dogsled team: If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery
never changes." Lewis Grizzard

Accept that some days you're the pigeon, and some days you're the
statue.

Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be
changed regularly and for the same reason.

I plan on living forever. So far, so good.

Vegetarians eat vegetables - Beware of humanitarians!

Don't fix the program. Fix the specification.

WARNING: With your one remaining eye, please do NOT look back into the
laser.

Quote from a recent meeting: "We are going to continue having these
meetings, everyday, until I find out why no work is getting done".

Quote from the boss... "I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was
going to blame it on you."

A motivational sign at work: "The beatings will continue until morale
improves."

A direct quote from the boss: "We passed over a lot of good people to
get the ones we hired."

My boss frequently gets lost in thought. That's because it's
unfamiliar territory.

My boss said to me, "What you see as a glass ceiling, I see as a
protective barrier.

I thought my boss was a bastard, and quit, to work for myself. My new
boss is a bastard, too ... but at least I respect him.

He's given automobile accident victims new hope for recovery. He walks,
talks and performs rudimentary tasks, all without the benefit of a
SPINE.

Some people climb the ladder of success. My boss walked under it.

Did you hear about the office cleaning service that was fired by
Microsoft? They wouldn't do windows.

Q: Does God control everything that happens in my life?
A: He could, if he used the debugger, but it's tedious to step through all
   those variables.

Q: Why does God allow evil to happen?
A: God thought he eliminated evil in one of the earlier versions.

Q: What causes God to intervene in earthly affairs?
A: If a critical error occurs, the system pages him automatically and he
   logs on from home to try to bring it up. Otherwise things can wait 
   until tomorrow.

Q: Did God really create the world in seven days?
A: He did it in six days and nights while living on cola and candy bars. On
   the seventh day he went home and found out his girlfriend had left him.

Q: How come the Age of Miracles Ended?
A: That was the development phase of the project, now we are in the
   maintenance phase.

Q: Who is Satan?
A: Satan is a MIS director who takes credit for more powers than he actually
   possesses, so people who aren't programmers are scared of him. God 
   thinks of him as irritating but irrelevant.

Q: What is the role of sinners?
A: Sinners are the people who find new an imaginative ways to mess up the
   system when God has made it idiot-proof.

Q: Where will I go after I die?
A: Onto a DAT tape.

Q: Will I be reincarnated?
A: Not unless there is a special need to recreate you. And searching those
   tar files is a major hassle, so if there is a request for you, God 
   will just say that the tape has been lost.

Q: Am I unique and special in the universe?
A: There are over 10,000 major university and corporate sites running exact
   duplicates of you in the present release version.

Q: What is the purpose of the universe?
A: God created it because he values elegance and simplicity, but then the
   users and managers demanded he tack all this senseless stuff onto it 
   and now everything is more complicated and expensive than ever.

Q: If I pray to God, will he listen?
A: You can waste his time telling him what to do, or you can just get off
   his back and let him program.

Q: What is the one true religion?
A: All systems have their advantages and disadvantages, so just pick the one
   that best suits your needs and don't let anyone put you down.

The Abrams' Principle:
        The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.

Lackland's Laws:
        (1) Never be first.
        (2) Never be last.
        (3) Never volunteer for anything

Money: The stuff you use when all your credit cards are maxed-out.

They say that money isn't everything, and that's true. Problem is --
look how many things it is though.

They say money can't buy friends. It can, however, rent a few now and
then.

They also say that money can't buy you true love. It does however put ya
in a good bargaining position.

As for money buying happiness, do you really think the guy with 250
million is any happier than a guy with only 200 million?

If it's zero degrees outside today and it's supposed to be twice as cold
tomorrow, how cold is it going to be?

Q. Why don't the Amish water ski?
A. Because the horses would drown.

Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.

For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.

He who hesitates is probably right.

Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.

No one is listening until you make a mistake.

Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view.

The colder the X-ray table, the more of your body is required on it.

The hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.

The severity of the itch is proportional to the reach.

Two wrongs are only the beginning.

Two wrongs do not make a right, but four rights don't get you anywhere.

The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.

Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.

The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.

A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.

According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.

Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow.

If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments.

Artificial Intelligence in no match for Natural Stupidity

Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.

We put the "k" in "kwality"

Time is Nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen
at once.

The trouble with being in the rat race is that even if you win,
you're still a rat.

I have not yet begun to procrastinate.

Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue.

Press any key to continue or any other key to quit.

Why is it illegal to park in a handicapped parking space but okay to go
to the bathroom in a handicapped stall?

Thank God for the IRS  -  Without them I'd be stinking rich!

If there is a tourist season, why can't we shoot them

Nonconformists are all alike

Ask me about microwaving cats for fun and profit

I've found Jesus..........He's in my trunk

If we weren't meant to eat animals, why are they made of meat?

Don't steal.. The government does not like the competition.

Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.

Never kick a fresh turd on a hot day.

There's two theories to arguin' with a woman. Neither one works.

It doesn't take a genius to spot a goat in a flock of sheep.

Never ask a barber if he thinks you need a haircut.

Lettin' the cat outta the bag is a whole lot easier 'n puttin' it back.

Never miss a good chance to shut up.

It is hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.

Who were the beta testers for Preparations A through G?

My girlfriend keeps complaining I never listen to her
   ...or something like that.

Q. How do you tell if you're in a redneck Amish neighborhood?
A. By the dead horses on cinderblocks in the front yard

A seminar on time travel will be held two weeks ago.

Windows: The colorful clown suit for DOS.

A computer without Windows is like a fish without a bicycle.

Is reading in the bathroom considered multi-tasking?

News release:  Abortions are becoming so popular in Poland that the
waiting time to get one is lengthening rapidly.  Polish experts
predict that at this rate there will soon be a one year wait to get an
abortion.

If stupidity hurt you'd scream all day.

Drink 'till she's cute, but stop before the wedding.

Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...

24 hours in a day ... 24 beers in a case ... coincidence?

It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.

A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.

Dyslexics have more fnu.

Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.

Anything free is worth what you pay for it

Everyone is entitled to my opinion.

Help stamp out and eradicate superfluous redundancy.

No sense being pessimistic. It wouldn't work anyway.

If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea, 1 person must ENJOY it.

Team work is essential. It allows you to blame someone else.

If a man is standing in the middle of the forest speaking and there is
no woman around to hear him, is he still wrong?

When you open a bag of cotton balls, is the top one meant to be removed?

Would a fly without wings be called a walk?

If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?

Why don't sheep shrink when it rains?

Can vegetarians eat animal crackers?

Why do they put Braille on the drive-through bank machines?

How do they get the deer to cross at that yellow road sign?

Why do they sterilize the needles for lethal injections?

Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?

What was the best thing before sliced bread?

I love cats...they taste just like chicken

I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling
like the passengers in his car....

i souport publik edekasion

Hard work has a future payoff.  Laziness pays off NOW!

A friend is someone you can call to help you move. A best friend is
someone you can call to help you move a body.

Do French people American kiss?

What ever happen to the clear Pepsi?

You can lead a horse to water, but you can't herd cats.

If you do a good job and work hard, you may get a job with a better
company someday.

It's only unethical if you get caught.

The light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off due to budget cuts.

Doing a job RIGHT the first time gets the job done. Doing the job WRONG
fourteen times gives you job security.

Rome did not create a great empire by having meetings, they did it by
killing all those who opposed them.

If something doesn't feel right, you're not feeling the right thing.

If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos...then you probably
haven't completely understood the situation.

Plagiarism saves time.

At least you're not being rectally probed by aliens.

Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.

Never quit until you have another job.

TEAMWORK....means never having to take all the blame yourself.

One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.

To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.

Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and
he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.

If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?

If the #2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still #2?

If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry?

Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot at them?

If only women came with pull-down menus and on-line help.

Customer: "Can you copy the Internet for me on this diskette?"

I guess one of my biggest pet peeves is people who think they know
everything. If they only knew how much they bug those of us who really
do.

I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And
I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it.

To me, it's a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you
walk around. That way, if anybody says, "Hey, can you give me a hand?"
You can say, "Sorry, got these sacks."

I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate revolver. And
since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him real quick and
hand it to him.

If you go flying back through time and you see somebody else flying
forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact.

Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it,
and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a
regular window.

If I ever get real rich, I hope I'm not real mean to poor people, like I
am now.

One thing vampire children have to be taught early on is, don't run with
a wooden stake.

For mad scientists who keep brains in jars, here's a tip: why not add a
slice of lemon to each jar, for freshness?

Join The Army: Visit Exotic Places, Meet Interesting People And Then
Kill Them

A computer can make more mistakes in two seconds than 20 people working
20 years can make.

A life... it sounds interesting. Where can I download one?

Learn from your parents' mistakes - use birth control.

The more you know, the more you know you ought to know

If you eat your peas, will a kid in South America stop starving?

In any organization, there will always be one person who
knows what is going on.  This person should be fired

If you can remain calm, you just don't have all the facts

Hookt on fonics werkt 4 me

There are two major products to come out of Berkeley: LSD and
UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.

"The Law of Common Sense"
     Never accept a drink from a urologist.

"The Law of Reality"
     Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.

"The Law of Motivation"
     Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.

"Boob's Law"
    You always find something in the last place you look.

"Weiler's Law"
    Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.

"Law of Probable Dispersal"
    Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.

"Law of Volunteer Labor"
    People are always available for work in the past tense.

"Conway's Law"
    In any organization there is one person who knows what is going on. That
person must be fired.

"Law of Cybernetic Entomology"
    There is always one more bug.

"Law of Drunkedness"
    You can't fall off the floor.

"Heller's Law"
    The first myth of management is that it exists.

"Osborne's Law"
    Variables won't; constants aren't.

"Main's Law"
    For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.

"Weinberg's Second Law"
     If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the
first woodpecker that came along would have destroyed civilization.

The REAL reason Grandparents and Grandkids get along with each
other so well is that they both have a common nemesis.

I'm willing to admit that I may not always be right, but I am never wrong.

"Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think
Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today? 1.Writing his memoirs
of the Civil War. 2. Advising the President. 3. Desperately clawing at the
inside of his coffin."
  --David Letterman

A slipping gear could let your M203 grenade launcher fire when you least
expect it. That would make you quite unpopular in what's left of your unit.
  --In the August 1993 issue, page 9, of PS magazine, the Army's magazine of
preventive maintenance

Calvin: People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but  they don't
realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world. 
Hobbes: Isn't your pant's zipper supposed to be in the front?

"Time's fun when you're having flies."
  -- Kermit the Frog

The original point and click interface was a Smith & Wesson.

A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.

"I believe you should place a woman on a pedestal, high
enough so you can look up her dress."

A programmer is someone who solves a problem you didn't know you had
in a way you don't understand.

Discoveries are made by not following instructions.

Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.

Do steam rollers really roll steam? 

Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?

Does killing time damage eternity?

Don't Take Life Seriously, It Is Not Permanent.

When you're having a bad day and it seems like people are trying to piss you
off, remember, it takes 42 muscles to frown and only 4 to pull the trigger
of a decent sniper rifle.

I have the body of a god: Buddha.

"Whenever I feel like exercise, I lay down and wait for the feeling to
pass"

The optimist: This glass is half full.
The pessimist: This glass is half empty.
The engineer: This container is twice as large as it needs to be.

What's dumber, expecting educators to be entertaining, or expecting
entertainment to be educational?

If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing

Today's subliminal message is " "

Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular.

"Normal" is a setting on a washing machine.

Your ridiculous little opinion has been noted

In layman's terms, we call that the Hindenburg Effect.

What do you want first, the bad news, or how much it will cost?

...That's right, not even McGyver could fix it.

We can fix this, but you're gonna need a butter knife, a roll of duct
tape, and a car battery.

I am willing to make the mistakes if someone else is willing to
learn from them.

If you don't know where you're going, you're never lost.

DUST: Mud with the juice squeezed out.

SKELETON: A bunch of bones with the person scraped off.

If you try and don't succeed, cheat.  Repeat until caught. Then lie.

Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour. 

Never, ever make absolute, unconditional statements. 

Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push. 

Two kinds of people: Those who finish what they start and ... 

If you're not part of the solution, be part of the problem! 

Never pet a burning dog. 

If life gives you lemons, squeeze the juice into a watergun and shoot
other people in the eyes.

"How's he gonna read that magazine rolled up like that?   What the --" - a fly.

This is the nineties, you don't just go around punching people.
You have to say something cool first.

If a chicken and a half can lay an egg and a half in a minute and a half,
how long would it take a monkey with a wooden leg to kick all the seeds
out of a dill pickle?

A linguistics professor was lecturing to his class one day. "In
English," he said, "A double negative forms a positive. In some
languages, though, such as Russian, a double negative is still a
negative. However, there is no language wherein a double positive can
form a negative." A voice from the back of the room piped up, "Yeah,
right."

Tea or coffee?  Coffee, without cream, please.
It will be without milk, we have no cream.

I'm out of bed and dressed.  What more do you want? 

Don't look back, they might be gaining on you. 

Don't piss me off - I'm running out of places to hide the bodies. 

How do they get the deer to cross at that yellow road sign? 

If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the
computer, a Rolls-Royce today would cost $100, get a million miles to
the gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside.

Prevent inbreeding - ban country music.

So many cats. So few recipes. 

The dumber people think you are, the more surprised they're going to be
when you kill them.

Drugs may lead to nowhere, but at least it's the scenic route. 

In just two days, tomorrow will be yesterday. 

Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot. 

Just remember, if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off. 

You may be only one person in the world, but you may also be the world
to one person.

We reserve the right to arm bears.

A cheap shot is a terrible thing to waste.

What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast
beef.

Anything in parenthesis can (not) be ignored.

Be alert - the world needs more lerts. 

Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once. 

War doesn't determine who's right but who's left.  

How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're
on.

If nothing ever sticks to TEFLON, how do they make TEFLON stick to the pan?

My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.

I'd enjoy my day more if it started later.

Thank you. We're all refreshed and challenged by your unique point of view.

The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.

I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.

Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.

I have plenty of talent and vision. I just don't give a darn.

I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid.

I'm not being rude. You're just insignificant.

I'm already visualizing the duct tape over your mouth.

Ahhh...I see the screw-up fairy has visited us again...

I will always cherish the initial misconceptions I had about you.

How about never? Is never good for you?

I'm really easy to get along with once you people learn to worship me.

You sound reasonable...Time to up my medication.

I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.

I'm out of my mind, but feel free to leave a message...

I don't work here. I'm a consultant.

Who me? I just wander from room to room.

My toys! My toys! I can't do this job without my toys!

It might look like I'm doing nothing, but at the cellular level I'm
really quite busy.

At least I have a positive attitude about my destructive habits.

You are validating my inherent mistrust of strangers.

I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.

Someday, we'll look back on this, laugh nervously and change the subject.

"I love the "swooshing" sound deadlines make as they go by"

"Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down"

"I read your mind, and trust me, it was a short story."

Old Navy commercials: The place washed-up actors go when their careers
are over.

After I cook the vegetables, what do I do with the wheelchairs?

Keyboard: a device for entering mistakes into a computer.

Why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle?

There are 2 times when a man doesn't understand a woman - before
marriage and after marriage.

Forecast for tonight: Dark.

If I ever make it on Wheel of Fortune, I'm sneakin' in my own vowels
under my jacket. No way I'm gonna pay $250, especially for a 'U'

Don't be irreplaceable. If you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.

Before they invented drawing boards, what did they go back to?

"There are two kinds of programming languages: those that everyone
complains about and those that nobody uses."
  --Bjarne Stroustrup.

"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place.
Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are,
by definition, not smart enough to debug it."
  --Brian W. Kernighan

"In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they aren't."
  --Albert Einstein

"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not
sure about the universe."
  --Albert Einstein

"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a
miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle."
  --Albert Einstein

"If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself."
  --Albert Einstein

"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new."
  --Albert Einstein

"When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit
on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity."
  --Albert Einstein

"Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous."
  --Albert Einstein

"A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it."
  --Albert Einstein

"Black holes are where God divided by zero."
  --Albert Einstein

"God does not throw dice."
  --Albert Einstein

"It is not enough to be right. You must show that you are right, and that is
far more difficult"
  --Robert Duff
  
"If you don't have to disable assertions, then you don't have enough
assertions."
  --Robert Duff

